Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is a newly found coronavirus that causes an infectious illness. The majority of patients infected with the COVID-19 virus will have mild to moderate respiratory symptoms and will recover without needing any specific therapy. People over the age of 65 and infants, as well as those with underlying medical conditions such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, and cancer, are at a higher risk of developing serious illness[1]. It was first detected in humans by scientists in 1965.  Later in 2019, COVID was found in Wuhan city, china and renamed as COVID-19. And now it has become a global pandemic all over the world[6].
Therefore, our problem is to find the best estimator model and find the dependency of the best estimator model so that, we can distinguish COVID-19 patient. We intended to do the project because at present COVID-19 test is time-consuming and costly. Therefore, it is convenient for a person if he can get a pre-result before final test.
We have found some existing work on this problem. The motivation as well as the objective of these works are as same as ours but most of them have some lacking i.e. lack of real dataset, lack of authentic dataset, complexity of the algorithms. We also found some image processing work on COVID-19 but seems less convenient at the present scenario in terms of cost.  
The necessity of the project on this topic is very important at this moment, because currently we are currently undergoing a pandemic situation. The only prevention of COVID-19 is available at this moment is to take care of the patient after identifying symptoms. Therefore, it is convenient for us if we can distinguish COVID patient as early as possible and take initiative for taking care of the patient.

